TODAYS TOPIC IS: FURTHER STUFF ABOUT RUNGE-KUTTA-METHODS

We have tried to solve the problem number one from the lectures by constructing 
the general Runge-Kutta-Algorithm with formula five and six
the parameters sigma_i and something else are unknown.
There is a function of tau (mesh step) where l_m+1 (tau) is the function
and we get the result at some specific point.
We also discussed the error function
if we have the approximation of degree t, we can find the solution
we can also find the error of this thing
the formulas for page 12 are found at the beginning of the page.
y_n is a function of tau. we substitute tau = 0 and calculate n and n+1 at point zero
we calculate the derivative of some function and get the difference between the two
we take the derivatives of each of the function of the sum
we should take the derivative with respect to both of the function parameters (yielding the partial derivatives)
we will then multiply the them together to get both terms of the thing
if tau is equal to zero, the second component of the sum will vanish as tau is one of the factors
now we take the second derivative of the function at point zero, which is not simple
we will still do it because we need it. We differentiate with respect to tau
When we substitute 0 for tau and then take the derivative, the term will vanish
we get a double value for that sum. Now we should take tau = 0, for the beginning we calculate y_j for the first derivative
we will get the value of f at some point. He did not write the arguments of the function, but it means that we substitute
some value is some place, such that we get 
we should further differentiate both sides of our equation, such that we finally get the statement on the bottom of page 13
this is the error estimation at point 0. Let us suppose that this value should be equal to zero
We will additionally get two equations. Finally we get three equations with respect to out parameters. These can be found on page 14
a couple statements. Those can be found in the presentation
we shall not calculate the third derivative, because while it is possible, it is not needed.

substitute n=1 to get the stage one runge kutta algorithm. We get the simple equations for the simple versions of the method
with this, we can find the nth-order versions of the runge kutta method

with n=2, we get one supporting value and we should calculate some more values for 
we need to take two steps to get to a solution. There is lambda_n and lambda_1, we also have three values of sigma
this means that we have four unknown parameters. These will be calculated from the second and third statements on page 14
thus we will get the equations found on page 15. We have three equation with respect to four unknown parameters. It allows us to find all of them
thus we are able to complete this step and to find the values we are looking for. This allows us to actually solve the equations
and to numerically solve differential equations

